Hi and welcome to the section on function parameters.
So in this section we're going to cover arguments and parameters for functions and we'll look at the
formal difference between arguments and parameters.
There's actually a slight difference between how we use these terms.
Now I'll admit I'm the first one to kind of you know mix them up and use them interchangeably.
And many people do.
But technically there's a difference between the two.
So we'll talk about that then we'll look at positional versus keyword only arguments that are available
to us when we create functions in Python.
Also we'll look at optional arguments by using default values and we'll look at some of the pitfalls
of using default values with mutable types in particular.
Then we'll look at unpacking iterable in general and then how it works and function arguments.
Also look at extended unpacking.
And then once we've done that we'll be able to start looking at variable number of positional and keyword
only arguments.
All right.
So let's dive into the section and I'll see you in a bit.